for 50 patients, get 20 observations
for 10 patients, get the last twenty observations

http://fhirtest.uhn.ca/baseDstu3/Observation?_sort=patient,code,-date&_count=50

	then you can say have a counter for the number of patients

	if you wanted 5 observations, you would take 5, and then have to go to the next patient and do another 5? how to do that? 

		you'd have to get an increasing list of patient IDs and have that stored, and then look for them that way. what a living hell this is. 

	time points for a particular code? 
		for one patient that is easy. since we are sorting by code. 


dan gotlieb


for X patients, get Y observations for Z time points

for all patients, get Y observations for Z time points
for X patients, get all observations, for Z time points
for X patients, get Y observations, for all time points


caveats with the method
------

1?. we are going to only choose the first X ids (regardless of how they are ordered[the server might give it back to you in different orders])
	a. this is to make the pulling of the patients less time consuming
	b. should randomize IDs before pulling the patients, but makes the call harder

2. the number of data points is at most the values put in the text boxes (sometimes there isn't enough data)
	a. the data for the "amount transferred" can mediate this a little, but still not great

3. 

There were two ways that we could get the time points per observation. Either we can minimize the number of GET/POST requests and sort the "Observation" query by "code". We would then iterate over all of these and find (for testing purposes) the first three distinct codes, taking as many time points as requested along the way. 

Alternatively, we can minimize the iteration, and perform additional requests based on how many time points per observation we needed. 

In reality, we believe that this will depend on if we have many time points or many observations. However, for the purposes of the testing, we went with the second option, under the assumption that there will be quite a few observations per patient. In production, you will also probably want specific time points, so you would look them up by code.


